docs: improves documentation for config. (#65)
hypertrace/goagent: config/README.md

cfg.DataCapture.HTTPHeaders.Request = config.Bool(true)
```

Values can also be overriden by the environment variables, e.g. `HT_DATA_CAPTURE_HTTP_HEADERS_RESPONSE=false`. You can check a list of the supported environment variables [here](https://github.com/hypertrace/agent-config/blob/main/ENV_VARS.md)

The location for the config file can also be overriden by passing the path in `HT_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable or you can set the location in code by using

```go

> // loads the config from the config file tbd.json and env vars

Author: ```suggestion
// loads the config from the specified file and env vars
```
